feat(nuxt): add `useRequestURL` helper (#20765)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/3.utils/get-request-url.md

# getRequestURL

> `getRequestURL` is a helper function that return an [URL object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/URL) working on both server-side and client-side rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getRequestURL` is a helper function that returns an [URL object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/URL) working on both server-side and client-side.
```
